Hello everyone and welcome to.
Question 3 solution for the large search engine company mock interview.
This question was given a string.
Write a function that uses recursion to reverse it.
So hopefully you remember this problem.
You've already seen it in the recursion section of the course but let's go ahead.
Using Python slicing.
So we're not going to code anything out since you're having to use recursion here.
You should always be thinking what's my base case.
So in this case we're saying if the length of the string is less than or equal to 1 just return that
string which makes sense that your base case when you've only had the last element or letter that string
left as far as the recursive case you're going to return the call on everything of that string from
index one forward plus the first element of that string.
So notice how we're reversing it here.
You're popping off that first one and then reversing everything else and then as you continue doing
this you recursively reversing the string.
So go ahead and review this problem go back to the recursion section in case you need to review anything
.
But that's really all there is this question.
Make sure you always remember about base cases when someone says you need to do something recursively
.
All right that's about it for this.
I'll see that the next solution.
Thanks